#summary Questions and answers regarding Laverna's Brute
#labels Featured

= Questions and Answers =

=== Where can I get the latest version of Laverna's Brute? ===

The [http://code.google.com/p/lavernasbrute/downloads/list downloads] page.

<wiki:comment> 
We haven't been using this versioning system, so I'm commenting it out from the wiki.

=== How does the versioning system of Laverna's Brute work? ===

Version numbers are given based on when the material was created. Version numbering is in the format YY.MM.DD, with no leading zeroes. (A binary built on the 3rd of January, 2010 would be version 10.1.3.) This makes it easy to distinguish which builds are newer than others, while making versioning a more automatic process for us, as builds don't have to meet certain criteria to be versioned, they simply _are._
</wiki:comment>

=== I found a bug. Where can I report it? ===

See the [http://code.google.com/p/lavernasbrute/issues/list Issues] page to send a bug report. Please remember to search the issues first to see if there is an existing report.

=== How can I follow the development status of Laverna's Brute? ===

  * Read the [http://lavernasbrute.blogspot.com/ Laverna's Brute Blog] to keep up with detailed information on Laverna's Brute code updates and check-ins, new features, bugs, Google Code page updates, plans, etc. maintained by the project owner.
  * Keep track of changes to the SVN repository by reading updates on the [http://code.google.com/p/lavernasbrute/source/list Source Changes] page.
  * Subscribe to one or more of the [http://code.google.com/p/lavernasbrute/feeds Project Feeds] for updates concerning project information, downloads, wiki, issue updates, and source changes using your favorite feed reader.

=== Where can I contact the Laverna's Brute development team? ===
Joseph.Kogut+lavernasbrute@gmail.com

<wiki:comment>
Justin: Wasn't sure if you wanted your address here or not. Feel free to put it down if you want to be contacted about LB.
</wiki:comment>

=== How can I request a feature? ===
Contact one of the developers at the address specified. Any feature requests are welcome, and will be considered carefully. If the request is reasonable, it will likely be included in a future release.